README.md, before:

# FFVD: Free-Form Variational Dynamics for Gaussian Process State-Space Models

FFVD provides Free-Form Variational Dynamics Inference in Tensorflow. 

## Usage

The main workhorse of our library is the `FFVD_Main.py` function.



## Code structure


### Requirements
* tensorflow
* ticks
* xarray


## Example script

We provide an example script for training FFVD on real-world datasets in `FFVD_Main.py`.


To train a FFVD, you can run the script for example as:
```
python FFVD_Main.py
```
The full list of command line options for the script is:

```
    --num_inducing: number of inducing points, type=int, default=100
    --iterations: number of iterations in FFVD, type=int, default=2000
    --posterior_sample_spacing: number of sample spacing in SG-HMC, type=int, default=50

    --file_id: the index of initialization file, type=int, default=3
    --file_index: the index of dataset, type=int, default=2
    --case_val: which model configuration we are using, type=int, default=4

    --x_dims: number of latent states, type=list, default=[4]

    --samples: number of posterior samples, type=int, default=10

    --ratio: training versus testing data, type = float, default=0.5
    --kernel_type: kernel typle used in GP, choices=['SquaredExponential', 'LinearK'], default='SquaredExponential'
    --data_index: type=int, default=4
```


If the repository is helpful to your research, please cite the following:

```
@article{
icml2022ffvd,
title={Free-Form Variational Inference for Gaussian Process State-Space Models},
author={Xuhui Fan and Edwin V. Bonilla and Terence J. O’Kane and Scott A. Sisson},
journal={International Conference on Machine Learning},
year={2023}
}
```

Commit message:

update the code structure in README

README.md, after:

# FFVD: Free-Form Variational Dynamics for Gaussian Process State-Space Models

FFVD provides Free-Form Variational Dynamics Inference in Tensorflow. 

## Usage

The main workhorse of our library is the `FFVD_Main.py` function.



## Code structure
```
Factnonlin_ini: the model initializations (trained by factorized non-linear model)
data: the six real world datasets
vfegpssm: the source code of FFVD
```


### Requirements
* tensorflow
* ticks
* xarray


## Example script

We provide an example script for training FFVD on real-world datasets in `FFVD_Main.py`.


To train a FFVD, you can run the script for example as:
```
python FFVD_Main.py
```
The full list of command line options for the script is:

```
    --num_inducing: number of inducing points, type=int, default=100
    --iterations: number of iterations in FFVD, type=int, default=2000
    --posterior_sample_spacing: number of sample spacing in SG-HMC, type=int, default=50

    --file_id: the index of initialization file, type=int, default=3
    --file_index: the index of dataset, type=int, default=2
    --case_val: which model configuration we are using, type=int, default=4

    --x_dims: number of latent states, type=list, default=[4]

    --samples: number of posterior samples, type=int, default=10

    --ratio: training versus testing data, type = float, default=0.5
    --kernel_type: kernel typle used in GP, choices=['SquaredExponential', 'LinearK'], default='SquaredExponential'
    --data_index: type=int, default=4
```


If the repository is helpful to your research, please cite the following:

```
@article{
icml2022ffvd,
title={Free-Form Variational Inference for Gaussian Process State-Space Models},
author={Xuhui Fan and Edwin V. Bonilla and Terence J. O’Kane and Scott A. Sisson},
journal={International Conference on Machine Learning},
year={2023}
}
```
